hello you're watching between two palm
trees with a meal and strzelczyk i'm
your host a meal in strzelczyk with me
today we have Jovan see artistic intern
at gateway theatre actually I'm near
tistic director oh I'm sorry Joe fancy
Giovanni it's giovanni you English is
really good yeah well I am Canadian
write my notes say that you're putting
on more plays next season and that we
should probably talk about them in the
hopes that people actually return to the
theater next year are you confident that
they will return next year absolutely we
have some wonderful shows lined up for
this season I'm very confident that
people are going to come and get delayed
it ok well how are we going to start off
this magical wonderful season well I'm
very excited to say that we have a brand
new imagining of the classic play murat
son told with 100 elementary school
students oh ok um and which director are
you throwing on this hot mess uh well
we've asked Stephen drover to come back
and he did such a wonderful job first
last season such a great actors director
yeah if memory serves he could barely
handle directing three grown men are you
sure that he won't run this off the
rails well you know when you've worked
with hero kanagawa Michael copsey and
takes other lenders yeah more or less
the same thing that's fair okay well
after that show um you know studio space
is always the place where you shove
contemporary crap down our throats so
what are we looking forward to next year
oh I'm really looking forward to our
first studio show we have the electric
company coming in but we've asked them
to tuck away the technology for a bit
and do some basic theater 101 so we're
doing a 36-hour version of the
or style with no video just all texts
all masks work all naked chanting we
always pay attention to the holiday
musical it's probably the only attended
show of the season so I'm what will
people be watching next year in the
holiday slot the holiday shot I had a
great time doing King and I last year no
you were in there yeah who's in it like
ensemble or no I was the king I don't
remember that's weird yes called The
King and I yeah I was a leaf right with
barb tamasic yes I remember her I just
you didn't really watch the show did you
know I mean Mary Poppins was playing to
be fair I don't even remember that we
did that show yeah you know maybe if we
had some have to some posters you maimed
and motivated to see one of our own
productions well you know what the
budget being tight and I'm given like
five bucks a show so I just get David
Cooper to Instagram some crap to me and
just throw it up on papers so anyways
this is about you not me so what the
holiday show are we doing next year what
we're gonna do another big scale musical
but this time it's going to be one with
the little twist when reflecting my own
passion for site-specific were looking
so we're gonna have the only animal come
in and do a brand-new imagining of white
Christmas set in the Crimea okay
literally set in the Crimea we're going
to fly our patrons out to a little
review stage we set up in the war zone
and we'll have soldiers playing the
parts they can't really sing or act or
dance but it'll be real that's the
important thing I can't wait for our
patrons to have that experience of being
shot we will get shot if we go there
it's Peter okay so for the rest of the
season I'm just assuming you're going to
hire a bunch of artist from Toronto and
then throw a bow on the season not this
year no
this year we are going to do something
different we are going to have an octo
pro an octo it is a co-production with
eight different regional theaters
participating as partners okay we all
realize that you know since we end up
doing the same show anyway you might as
well actually literally do one
production and just tore the hell out of
it okay yeah that makes sense well what
show are you bringing to this octo pro
we are going to do a one-man Hamlet told
with the character voices from the
family guy isn't that just essentially a
macomber knockoff well technically it's
more of a ripoff than a knockoff yeah um
and you have eight companies
co-producing this show yeah because two
dropped out so we're still looking for a
couple more companies so we you know
maybe can break even okay back to the
studio um have you created any more
opportunities for our unfairly
underrepresented white middle-aged men
you wouldn't happen to be from Alberta
would you anyway no we are actually
going to go in a different direction and
incorporate some diversity into our
season so I've actually commissioned a
new work by a lesbian Muslim Aboriginal
woman talking about her experience as a
Paralympian representing Indonesia now
to be fair isn't this taking away a
significant role a significant
opportunity from a local Muslim
Aboriginal Paralympian let's move on to
the next question okay um just tell me
how you're going to close this train
wreck of a season well we've got
something really special planned for our
last show this season I've been hearing
from our patrons how much they love
musicals I've listened to that and so we
have patrick street productions doing a
new jukebox musical incorporating all
the songs of Weird Al Yankovic
okay now i think people will really come
to realize how weird owl has been
grossly underestimated as a contemporary
satirist okay well I need to go look for
a new job you have been watching between
two palm trees with a meal and
strzelczyk if you are an ad with a
reasonable season please give me a call
what's wrong with my season no what's
wrong with my seeds me I can't even
begin